refactor: changed the default behavior of the `kurtosis feedback` command, now it opens the GitHub choose new issue page (#465)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/cli-reference/feedback.md

slug: /feedback
---

To quickly get in touch with us, simply run:
```bash

> kurtosis feedback 

Reviewer: extra space here

```

> which will open the [Kurtosis GitHub choose new issue page](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/issues/new/choose), where you can select the kind of feedback you want and then describe what you want.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which will open the [Kurtosis GitHub create new issue page](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis/issues/new/choose), where you can file a bug report, submit a feature request, or let us know about any docs issues you may have come across. A link to our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/yUGgeE8s) will be made available there too.
```
